In this video, we're gonna take a look at the rewards
library, okay?
'cause this is very important
and you wanna make sure that you understand this.
Okay? So I'm just gonna kind of give you an overall view
of what's happening here.
So if I come over here to a completed campaign,
and if I scroll down to the bottom,
and if I click on prizes, these are actual prizes
that are issued.
Um, the person that has the most points,
or, uh, if you set it up to
where you have an entry style contest, okay?
And we'll, we'll talk about that in another video,
but I just want you to understand that these are prizes.
But also if I come over here to the, uh, rewards, these are,
um, the rewards that are issued, uh,
when they earn points, right?
So, uh, most likely these are gonna be digital products.
And then, uh, down here at the bottom,
these are probably gonna be physical products, right?
So these, uh, prizes, you really want
to grab somebody's attention, like a 10,000 mastermind
that's gonna grab their attention, right?
Cameras, you know, video studios, um, you know,
it depends on your niche or marketplace,
but these are here to grab somebody's attention.
And then the digital rewards are set up so
that everybody wins, right?
So here's the digital rewards. Everybody wins, okay?
So the way we built this software is you can very easily
just pull in your rewards
or you can pull in your prizes, okay?
So what you're gonna do is you're gonna build up a library.
So if I come back over here, this is a library.
Now there's no distinction between a prize
or a reward, okay?
You can decide how you wanna do that. Alright?
So if I scroll through here, you see
that I have like four pages of prizes
or rewards, okay?
So every single time I make a new ebook,
or maybe I have a, a mini course
or some templates to give away
or, uh, you know, whatever, I can go
and add this into my rewards library.
And so you really wanna start thinking that way.
What are you creating right?
From a, a digital standpoint that you can add
to your rewards library?
And on the same token,
if you see something incredible on eBay or whatever
and you know you can get it for like 80% off
and you say, wow, that would make an incredible price,
then go ahead and add that inside of, uh,
your rewards library as well.
Okay? So where it gets kind of complicated
is if you are trying to create rewards
and prizes on the, on the fly, like,
you should always be updating your rewards library so
that you can, uh, you know, pick and choose
and pull in your rewards
or your prices whenever you want to.
Okay? So, uh, a good example here.
You can see that I have tons of rewards inside
of my library, alright?
Some of 'em are physical rewards that are good prizes,
others are digital products
that are gonna make great rewards.
And so this allows me
to set up a contest in about two minutes flat.
Okay? So it's pretty simple to understand. You have
A button where you can add your reward or you can go ahead
and select a reward and you can delete it.
Okay? And then the dashboard shows you,
here is the title, your reward.
Here is the description of your reward.
You have three different types.
You have an external URL, you have instructions,
or if you have our membership platform called Ever lesson,
you could go ahead and automatically link your, uh,
digital rewards to ever lesson.
Okay? I've got videos covering all three types of rewards.
If you want to go ahead and edit the reward,
you can click this button here.
This button right here will turn off the reward,
should you need to, that's the status button.
And then finally, you can come over here, you can search
for any reward that's inside your library.
And of course, don't forget
that we have these toggles at the bottom.
Okay? So now hopefully you understand the power
of the rewards library.
Don't wait till last minute to, um, build it out.
If you're new to the software, then of course you need
to kind of, uh, go through the motions of doing that.
But just start to think, okay,
I wanna run a contest every single month.
So I always need to be updating my rewards library.
Like I would do it like on a weekly basis, so that
that allows you to create contests on the fly.